README.md, before:

# Talksearch website

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [What is it](#what-is-it)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Initial setup](#initial-setup)
- [Local development](#local-development)
- [Publish docs to https://community.algolia.com/talksearch](#publish-docs-to-httpscommunityalgoliacomtalksearch)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## What is it

The repository hosting the Talksearch website

## Requirements

To run this project, you will need:

- Node.js >= v9.2.0, use nvm - [install instructions](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#install-script)
- Yarn >= v1.3.2 - [install instructions](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#alternatives-tab)

## Initial setup

```sh
git clone git@github.com:algolia/talksearch.git
cd talksearch
yarn
```

## Local development

```sh
yarn start
```

Go to https://localhost:3000. There should be auto reload for almost everything, but when it fails just restart the server.

## Publish docs to https://community.algolia.com/talksearch

Every time you want to update the production website, do:

```sh
yarn docs:update
git add docs README.md CONTRIBUTING.md
git commit -m 'docs(update): something'
git push
```

## Assets and links references

To reference assets and links from any HTML page in this website, always reference them from the root of the website, without any leading "." or "/". Links from HTML pages are always relative to the root of your website, not the current file.

To ease hosting on different subpaths (https://community.algolia.com/website/ and http://localhost:3000/), we use a [`<base href>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/base) tag that allow us to easily achieve that.

If your image is in `assets/images/image.png` then you can reference it in your HTML page like that: `<img src="assets/images/image.png" />` and it will always work no matter how the website is hosted.

Same for linking to a particular page, if you are in `index.html` (or `index.md`), to link to `about/team.html` just do this: `<a href="about/team.html">team</a>`.

For ressources inside CSS files, always use relative paths from the CSS file itself like `background-image: url("../assets/image/image.png")`);

## Project structure

- Pages (index, about..) are in [src/talksearch/src](./src/talksearch/src)
- Layouts are in [src/talksearch/layouts](./src/talksearch/layouts)
- JS and images are in [src/talksearch/assets](./src/talksearch/assets)
- Stylesheets are in [src/talksearch/src/stylesheets](./src/talksearch/src/stylesheets)

Commit message:

docs(website): add css minification

README.md, after:

# Talksearch website

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [What is it](#what-is-it)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Initial setup](#initial-setup)
- [Local development](#local-development)
- [Publish docs to https://community.algolia.com/talksearch](#publish-docs-to-httpscommunityalgoliacomtalksearch)
- [Assets and links references](#assets-and-links-references)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## What is it

The repository hosting the Talksearch website

## Requirements

To run this project, you will need:

- Node.js >= v9.2.0, use nvm - [install instructions](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#install-script)
- Yarn >= v1.3.2 - [install instructions](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#alternatives-tab)

## Initial setup

```sh
git clone git@github.com:algolia/talksearch.git
cd talksearch
yarn
```

## Local development

```sh
yarn start
```

Go to https://localhost:3000. There should be auto reload for almost everything, but when it fails just restart the server.

Then go to http://localhost:8080

## Publish docs to https://community.algolia.com/talksearch

Every time you want to update the production website, do:

```sh
yarn docs:update
git add docs README.md CONTRIBUTING.md
git commit -m 'docs(update): something'
git push
```

## Test build

This will run the build of the website and serve it. Useful when you are modifying production middlewares and want to ensure
the resulting website will be working. Like when adding CSS minification.

```sh
yarn docs:test-build
```

## Assets and links references

To reference assets and links from any HTML page in this website, always reference them from the root of the website, without any leading "." or "/". Links from HTML pages are always relative to the root of your website, not the current file.

To ease hosting on different subpaths (https://community.algolia.com/website/ and http://localhost:3000/), we use a [`<base href>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/base) tag that allow us to easily achieve that.

If your image is in `assets/images/image.png` then you can reference it in your HTML page like that: `<img src="assets/images/image.png" />` and it will always work no matter how the website is hosted.

Same for linking to a particular page, if you are in `index.html` (or `index.md`), to link to `about/team.html` just do this: `<a href="about/team.html">team</a>`.

For ressources inside CSS files, always use relative paths from the CSS file itself like `background-image: url("../assets/image/image.png")`);

## Project structure

- Pages (index, about..) are in [src/talksearch/src](./src/talksearch/src)
- Layouts are in [src/talksearch/layouts](./src/talksearch/layouts)
- JS and images are in [src/talksearch/assets](./src/talksearch/assets)
- Stylesheets are in [src/talksearch/src/stylesheets](./src/talksearch/src/stylesheets)
